Casing and expand (#417)
Microsoft/api-guidelines: graph/GuidelinesGraph.md

|Requirements                                                                                        |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| :heavy_check_mark: **MUST** support `$select on resource` to enable properties projection. |

> | :ballot_box_with_check: **SHOULD** support `$expand=navProp1` option for navigation properties of entities. |

Reviewer: Is this saying should have for:

- `GET /entityTypeCollection/{id}?$expand=navProp1` and/or
- `GET /entityTypeCollection?$expand=navProp1`

The latter is more expensive for some resources, so not sure if that's a should or a nice-to-have

> | :ballot_box_with_check: **SHOULD** support `$filter with eq`, `ne` operations on properties of entities for collections. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :ballot_box_with_check: **SHOULD** support `$filter` with `eq` and `ne` operations on properties of entity collections. |
```
Question - do we think `ne` is an important operation?  For me I wonder whether `lt` and `gt` are more important for DateTime properties.

> Because objects of complex types in Microsoft Graph don’t have unique identifiers, they are not directly addressable via URIs. Therefore, you must not use complex type to model addressable resources such as individually addressable items within a collection. For more information, see the [Microsoft REST API Guidelines collection URL patterns](https://github.com/microsoft/api-guidelines/blob/vNext/Guidelines.md#93-collection-url-patterns). Complex types are better suited to represent composite properties of API entities.

Reviewer: Should we be recommending use of entity types here in this case?
```suggestion
Because objects of complex types in Microsoft Graph don’t have unique identifiers, they are not directly addressable via URIs. Therefore, you must use entity types to model addressable resources such as individually addressable items within a collection. For more information, see the [Microsoft REST API Guidelines collection URL patterns](https://github.com/microsoft/api-guidelines/blob/vNext/Guidelines.md#93-collection-url-patterns). Complex types are better suited to represent composite properties of API entities.
```
